README.md, before:

# go
### Go Course Material

# Run
### go run .

# Build
### go build .

# Test
### go test

# 1. Hello world

# 2. Cards
### New variables - int, string, slice
### New Type - "class"
### Print
### For loop, if else, 
### Parse string - Join, Split, append
### Save, load, delete file
### Error exception
### Timer, Random
### Tests

# 3. Assignment
### if else

# 4. Struct and Pointers
### address to value -> *address
### value to address -> &value


### Reference types  -> slice, map, channel, pointer, function
#### Values Can be changed directly with a function
#### are copied with pointer address

### Value types      -> int, float, string, bool, struct
#### Values Have to changed with pointers in functions

# 5. Maps
### like a hashmap

# 6. Interface
### Helper for code reuse
### Good use case: when repeating same code for multiple times
### Interfaces are not generic types
### Implicit - dont have to write extra boilerplate code

# 7. Http interface
### Interface inside interface (inception)

Commit message:

ZB - finished course, added go routines and channel with function literlas and time package

README.md, after:

# go
### Go Course Material

# Run
### go run .

# Build
### go build .

# Test
### go test

# 1. Hello world

# 2. Cards
### New variables - int, string, slice
### New Type - "class"
### Print
### For loop, if else, 
### Parse string - Join, Split, append
### Save, load, delete file
### Error exception
### Timer, Random
### Tests

# 3. Assignment
### if else

# 4. Struct and Pointers
### address to value -> *address
### value to address -> &value


### Reference types  -> slice, map, channel, pointer, function
#### Values Can be changed directly with a function
#### are copied with pointer address

### Value types      -> int, float, string, bool, struct
#### Values Have to changed with pointers in functions

# 5. Maps
### like a hashmap

# 6. Interface
### Helper for code reuse
### Good use case: when repeating same code for multiple times
### Interfaces are not generic types
### Implicit - dont have to write extra boilerplate code

# 7. Http interface - Reader and Writer
### Interface inside interface (inception)
### Reader - input -> generaly used to read information from an outside data source into our application
### Writer - output -> 

# 8. Interface assignment

# 9. channel
### main routine - main go routine of the go program
### go routine - thread in go program - A separate line of code execution that can be used to handle blocking code
### channel - comunication between main routine and go routines - it is of type (string, float, boolean, ...)

### time Sleep function
### function literals - lambda - anonymus function
